AS the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO use the system
easily
AS All of the users I WANT TO be able to use the system after one day of training.
AS the nursing students I WANT the system to avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students.
AS students I WANT TO decrease the number of mistakes by 50% in the first year.
AS the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT be intuitive.
AS 2 out of 3 Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO  be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals.
AS user community I WANT the system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable
AS staff members I WANT TO be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner
AS user I WANT the system to be able to handle all requests/usage during business hours.
AS the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT the system to  be used within the specifications defined.
AS authorized user I WANT TO have access to clinical site information
AS Administrator/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO have access to clinical site details.
AS authorized users I WANT TO  have access to students 92 personal information
AS Susan Posluszny and Dr Julie Donalek
I WANT TO  have access to students 92 personal information.
AS authorized users I WANT TO have access to the portion of the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
AS  Dr Susan Posluszny and Karen Sysol I WANT TO have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO BE able to add a listing of students to a cohort.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to add a single student to a cohort.
AS Students I WANT TO be eligible for the cohort 92s Program of Study.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I HAVE TO be able to specify the preferred sequence of classes for a given cohort.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to specify which quarter that class will be offered.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to add new classes to a sequence of classes.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to add clinical classes or sections to a sequence of classes
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to add a new cohort to the system identified by start month and year.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to add new classes for the nursing department into the system.
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO create a new Program of Study.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO have the ability to specify which classes are required for a Program of Study.
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to display a report of needed classes for a given quarter for all cohorts.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO BE  able to add a new clinical site into the system.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I HAVE TO  be able to add a new clinical lab section for an existing clinical class into the System.
AS Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members I HAVE TO be able to add a student who has registered for a clinical class to a clinical lab section for that class.
AS Program Administrator or Nursing staff I WANT TO remove a student from a clinical lab section.
AS a Program Administrator/Nursing Staff Member I WANT TO move a student from one clinical lab section to another clinical lab section corresponding to the same clinical class.
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to cancel a clinical lab section only if there are no students registered for that clinical lab section.
AS A Program Administrator/Nursing Staff Member I WANT TO be able to add a new nursing student to the system.
AS staff member I WANT TO have the ability to manage the progress of a part time student which includes modifying their sequence of classes and timeline of classes.
AS students I WANT the system to be able to display a printable summary for individual cohorts 
AS staff members students I WANT the system to  contain contact information (e-mail and phone number) for all people
AS students I WANT the system notify upcoming offered classes (timeline) and what their schedule will be/shall be 
AS students  I WANT the system notify when changes occur  
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO have the ability to modify information relating to cohorts including cohort identifier program of study preferred sequence of classes and quarters that a cohort will be taking specific classes
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff I WANT TO have the ability to modify information relating to a Program of Study within the Nursing Department including the Program of study name and required classes for that Program of Study
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO have the ability to modify information relating to a Clinical Site including the clinical site name site contact person contact information and address.
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO have the ability to modify information relating to a Nursing Student including student ID student name phone number e-mail status (full time or part time) and program of study.
AS Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to review student applications for clinical placements SO THAT to ensure qualified candidates are selected. AS Site supervisors I WANT TO receive a list of selected students to prepare for their onboarding
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to evaluate the effectiveness of clinical sites SO THAT 
to ensure quality training environments.AS Site supervisors I WANT TO receive feedback reports SO THAT to help improve their practices.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able monitor attendance records for students SO THAT to ensure compliance with program requirements.AS Students I WANT TO  receive notifications about their attendance status SO THAT to encourage responsibility.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to update course descriptions in the curriculum SO THATo reflect current educational standards. AS Students I WANT TO receive the updated descriptions SO THAT to ensure they understand course expectations.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to conduct exit interviews with graduating students SO THAT to gather insights on program strengths and weaknesses. AS Graduating students I WANT TO receive follow-up information SO THAT to address any concerns they raised.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to arrange for guest speakers in the nursing program SO THAT to provide students with diverse perspectives. AS Students I WANT TO receive information about guest speakers SO THAT  to encourage participation and learning.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able  to create a mentorship program for students SO THAT to foster professional development. AS Mentors I WANT TO receive guidelines on their roles SO THAT to ensure effective support for students.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to collect feedback on course delivery methods  SO THAT to enhance teaching effectiveness. AS Students I WANT TO receive opportunities SO THAT to share their experiences to contribute to continuous improvement.'
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able  to organize networking events for students  SO THAT to connect with industry professionals. AS Participants I WANT TO receive event details  SO THAT to encourage attendance and engagement.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to implement a peer review process for clinical assignments SO THAT to ensure fairness and consistency.AS Students I WANT TO receive feedback from peers SO THAT to enhance their learning experience and accountability.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to access student progress reports SO THAT to monitor academic performance. AS Students I WANT TO receive updates  on their academic performance SO THAT to stay informed about their progress.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to assign clinical rotations to students SO THAT to facilitate their hands-on training.AS Clinical instructors I WANT TO receive notifications about those assignments SO THAT to prepare for the students arrival.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to collect student evaluations of clinical sites to gather feedback SO THAT for improving the clinical experience. AS Site I WANT TO supervisors receive feedback based on those evaluations  SO THAT to enhance their services.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to schedule meetings with faculty members  SO THAT to discuss student progress and program development. AS Faculty members I WANT TO receive the meeting agenda in advance to prepare effectively  SO THAT  for the discussions.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to coordinate training workshops SO THAT to improve staff skills and knowledge. AS Participants I WANT TO receive information about the workshops in advance SO THAT to ensure they can attend and prepare.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to compile course materials and share them with students SO THAT to enhance their learning experience. AS Students I WANT TO receive the materials before classes begin to familiarize themselves with the content.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to request updates from faculty members on student performance SO THAT  to ensure timely interventions. AS Students I WANT TO receive these updates promptly SO THAT to stay aware of their academic standing.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to create and distribute student surveys SO THAT to gather feedback on teaching effectiveness. AS Students I WANT TO receive the surveys to provide their input and contribute SO THAT  to program improvement.
AS  Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members I WANT TO be able to manage internship placements for students SO THAT to ensure they gain practical experience. AS Internship supervisors IN WANT TOreceive information about the placements to prepare SO THAT for hosting the students.
